Original Time to Climb calculator has 3 fields and 2 buttons.  

Fields:
	Aircraft - drop down, labels formatted as {aircraft type} ({tail number})
	Starting Altitude - text entry, accepts numeric inputs
	Level Off Altitude - text entry, accepts numeric inputs

Buttons:
	Calculate - Runs the calculations for the selected aircraft
	Show Performance Chart - Shows the performance chart for the selected aircraft

Dispay areas:
	Climb Results:
		Calculations for "{aircraft type} ({tail number})":
		KIAS: 62 (Average)
		ROC: 773 (Average)
		TIME: 4.0
		FUEL: 0.6
		DISTANCE: 4.0
		
	Climb Performance Chart Data from POH:
		Data for "{aircraft type} ({tail number})":
		
		Below that is a table that has labels of: Pressure Altitude, Tempurature	Indicated Airspeed (Knots), Rate of Climb, Time, Fuel, Distance
		
		Data appears to be a straight regurgitation of what's in index.htm.
		
Things I noticed:
	The calculate button runs the calculation and shows the performance chart, while the show chart button only shows the chart.  Therefore, it's possible to get into a state where the calculation area shows results for one plane, while the performance chart shows data for a different plane.  The new version should sync the two areas so they're both showing data for the same plane.
	
	Honestly, we probably just only need a calculate button.  In the onChange for the select tail number, clear any previous calculations and refresh the performance chart.
	
	Currently the performance chart data is in the index.htm file.  We shoud have a way to add data for different aircraft.  Is there someplace to look up this data automatically?  Or is it necessary to build a UI for users to input the data for their plane?
	
	I'd like to set up a tabbed layout - select aircraft and do the calculation in the main tab, performance data in a seconday tab.
	
	There doesn't appear to be any error checking on the altitude entry fields, other that making sure it's numeric.  Should probably just make sure that's an integer - what should the range limits be?  I assume a Cessna isn't going to space, so what's the max service ceiling?